Red 3.4.0 - Changelog (#4059)
Cog-Creators/Red-DiscordBot: docs/changelog_3_4_0.rst

.. 3.4.x Changelogs

Redbot 3.4.0 (Unreleased)
=========================

| Thanks to all these amazing people that contributed to this release:
| :ghuser:`Dav-Git`, :ghuser:`DevilXD`, :ghuser:`Drapersniper`, :ghuser:`flaree`, :ghuser:`jack1142`, :ghuser:`kablekompany`, :ghuser:`Kowlin`, :ghuser:`maxbooiii`, :ghuser:`mikeshardmind`, :ghuser:`NeuroAssassin`, :ghuser:`PredaaA`, :ghuser:`Predeactor`, :ghuser:`retke`, :ghuser:`SharkyTheKing`, :ghuser:`thisisjvgrace`, :ghuser:`Tinonb`, :ghuser:`TrustyJAID`, :ghuser:`Twentysix26`, :ghuser:`Vexed01`
|
| **Read before updating**:

> | 1. Red 3.4 comes with support for data deletion requests. Bot owners should read `red_core_data_statement` to ensure they know what information about their user bot stores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 1. Red 3.4 comes with support for data deletion requests. Bot owners should read `red_core_data_statement` to ensure they know what information about their users is stored by the bot.
```

Reviewer 2: Since this is already highlighted ... `red_core_data_statement` should be hyperlinked to `red_core_data_statement` doc page

| 2. Debian Stretch, Fedora 30 and lower, and OpenSUSE Leap 15.0 and lower are no longer supported as they have already reached end of life.
| 3. There's been a change in behavior of ``[p]tempban``. Look at `Mod changelog <important-340-1>` for full details.

> | 4. There's been a change in behavior of annoncements in Admin cog. Look at `Admin changelog <important-340-2>` for full details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 4. There's been a change in behavior of announcements in Admin cog. Look at `Admin changelog <important-340-2>` for full details.
```
